♪ Ain’t cutting my hair
till the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ Ain’t cuttin’ my hair
till the Good Lord come... ♪
Let’s go, Teller.
Roll it up.
♪ Arrive upon the mountain
just to see what we’ve done ♪
♪ Cuttin’ my hair, cuttin’
till the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ I ain’t open my eyes till
we all are free ♪
♪ I ain’t open my eyes
till we all are free ♪
♪ I ain’t open my eyes till
we all are free ♪
♪ Till the color of our skin,
it don’t mean a damn thing ♪
♪ I ain’t open my eyes,
open till we all are free ♪
- (knocking)
- ♪ I ain’t pickin’ up a paper
till the wild wind blows ♪
Coming.
♪ I ain’t picking up a paper
till the wild wind blows ♪
Hi.
♪ I ain’t pickin’ up a paper
till the wild wind blows ♪
♪ Say what we should say until
we know we should know it ♪
♪ Pickin’ up a paper, pickin’
till the wild wind blows ♪
♪ ’Cause it’s a coal ♪
♪ It’s a coal war, ah-ah ♪
♪ It’s a coal... ♪
Such a big boy.
Let’s go.
Here we go. Here we go.
Oh, I know.
Look what Mama sucked out for
you this morning.
Look what Mama sucked out
for you, yes.
(lock buzzes)
♪ I ain’t cuttin’ my hair
till the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ Arrive upon the mountain just
to see what we have done ♪
♪ I ain’t cuttin’ my hair,
cuttin’ till
the Good Lord come ♪
(Lock buzzes)
GUARD:
Door opening!
Breakfast.
♪ If we cannot see
all we destroy, we’re blind ♪
♪ It’s not the hand that cuts,
it’s the heart
we left behind ♪
♪ It’s not the hand that cuts,
it’s the hatred deep inside
It’s not the hand ♪
♪ Not the hand ♪♪
Gate!
(men cheering)
Hey!
SAMCRO!
GUARD:
Gate!
Whoo-hoo!
It’s good to see you
on this side, brother.
Shit, good
to be here, man.
Big day for both
of us, huh?
Wouldn’t do it
without ya.
We missed you
lunatics.
I knew you’d vote in
when I was gone, you pussy.
Thank you, Stockton.
It’s been a real pleasure.
Let’s get the hell outta here!
♪ ’Cause it’s a coal ♪
♪ It’s a coal war, ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ It’s a coal ♪
♪ Coal ♪
(lock buzzes)
♪ Five dollars
and a head to keep,
the dull black scissors ♪
♪ And some kerosene,
you burnt a house ♪
♪ But you came to bid him well,
oh... ♪
♪ What a thing to tell ♪
♪ Put poison in the well ♪
♪ Just to say,
just to say ♪
♪ Just to say, just to say ♪
♪ I ain’t cuttin’ my hair
till the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ I ain’t cuttin’ my hair till
the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ Arrive upon the mountain
just to see what we’ve done ♪
You’re an artist, Floyd.
♪ I ain’t cutting my hair ♪
Have a good day,
Sheriff.
Thanks.
Still have small town values.
♪ ’Cause it’s a coal ♪
Sheriff.
♪ It’s a coal war, ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ It’s a coal ♪
♪ Coal ♪
♪ It’s a coal war, ah-ah-ah,
it’s a coal ♪
♪ Coal ♪
♪ Coal... ♪
(sirens wail)
♪ I ain’t cuttin’ my hair
till the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ Ain’t cuttin’ my hair till
the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ Arrive upon the mountain
just to see what we’ve done ♪
♪ I ain’t cuttin’ my hair,
cuttin’ till
the Good Lord comes ♪
♪ Till the Good Lord comes ♪♪
Well, now, if you’re
the welcoming committee, I was
kinda hoping for flowers,
maybe a bundt cake.
I’m sorry. No cake.
What the hell is this, man?
Just a friendly
heads up.
Charming is now under
the jurisdiction of the San
Joaquin Sheriff Department.
I’m guessing that’s you.
Lieutenant Roosevelt.
Charming-Morada substation
is my command.
Well, you got to show
everyone how big your
stick is, Teddy.
Can we go now?
The conditions
of your release state
that no gang colors
or identifying clothing
may be worn in public.
We’re not a gang,
we’re a motorcycle club.
Well, the federal government
disagrees.
So the next time I see any one
of you who got out today
wearing cuts, well,
they’ll belong to me.
We clear?
Welcome home, gentlemen.
(engines start)
♪ Riding through this world
all alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul,
you’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight,
a perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed
until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
in the eye ♪♪
♪ Now I’m giving you the proof ♪
♪ The last time you calling me
a liar ♪
♪ This time I’m giving you
the proof ♪♪
Hey.
Hey, history’s dead,
sweetheart.
It’s gotta stay that way, huh?
You okay?
Yeah. Anxious.
(chuckles)
Mmm. I’m proud of you.
Ain’t easy
making things work
when they’re inside.
You done great.
I couldn’t have
done it without you.
Wasn’t just me.
Was the whole club.
Yeah, it’s true.
I love you.
Me, too.
(motorcycles approach)
Daddy’s home.
(laughs)
Hey, you’re here!
Whoo, yeah!
(whistling, cheering)
(talking, laughing)
Say hi to Daddy.
(Tara giggling)
Yeah!
How you doing?
All right?
TARA:
Oh, someone’s happy.
Hi, baby.
Oh, I’m so glad
you’re home.
I love you.
I love you, too, Mom.
She did good.
JAX:
Yeah, I know.
She did great.
Hey.
I picked out the one you wanted.
Where’s Wayne?
I don’t know.
He said he’d be here.
Really good to have
you back, Clay.
Holy shit, Chucky.
You got digits.
You grow those?
It was Gemma.
BOBBY:
Gemma?
Yeah, I bought him
fingers.
Those shitty little nubs were
freakin’ me out.
Were you
freaking her out?
(Bobby laughing)
Freaking her out!
CLAY:
Chapel, ten minutes.
(knocks)
ELI:
Yeah?
Sheriff Roosevelt.
I’m Linc Potter.
Assistant U.S. Attorney.
I, uh...
I have a, uh,
card here somewhere. Ah.
It’s uh...
There you are.
(Eli clears throat)
It’s nice to meet you.
Same here.
All right.
We’re renting some space here
up on the third floor.
Yeah, I’ve seen you guys
coming and going.
So, what can I do for you?
Well, uh, I was hoping
maybe you could stop by later.
Want to bounce a few things off
of you.
Okay.
Officially?
Yes.
I talked to Sheriff Moore.
You’re clear to join us.
Okay.
(knocking on door)
Mayor Hale.
Lincoln Potter.
I’ve heard a lot of great
things about you, sir.
You’re the AUSA.
That’s right.
Well, uh, Sheriff,
I will see you later.
It was so nice to meet you.
Likewise.
What’s that about?
Oh, probably just
protocol.
You know, those guys been
setting up shop upstairs
in the last two months.
How’d it go this morning?
Without incident.
Clay and his boys
got the message.
I hope you don’t think
one roadblock’s gonna get
these scumbags in line.
They’ve been quiet because
most of them have been inside.
I’m on top of it.
Oh, I know.
That’s why I brought
the sheriffs here.
We need your kind
of law enforcement.
And that’s what you’re
gonna get, Jacob.
I’ve dealt with gangs
for the last 15 years, so...
Neutralizing their power’s just
not going to happen in a day.
Of course not.
You and I both know there
are a lot of important things
to accomplish here in Charming.
I’m just trying to keep everyone
focused on those goals.
Yeah, I understand.
I understand.
And I appreciate that.
You let me know if you
need anything.
Thank you.
(door opens)
Your combat pay,
gentlemen.
I knew that two years
of community college
would pay off.
OPIE: Even at a small
percentage, the new
guns are pretty sweet.
Mayans, Italians, Niners,
everybody loves ’em.
The small percentages
are over.
Piney, Ope...
Chibs, Kozik.
You did an outstanding job
holding us together, making
this new business work.
You did all the hard
work, brother.
We just grunted out
the day to day.
Well, you got my
deepest appreciation.
JAX:
Absolutely.
ALL: Yes. Yeah.
Thanks, Ope.
You too, Chibby.
So, you know anything
new with our mayor’s
little McMansion utopia?
OPIE:
Rich yuppies are
fleeing Stockton.
The city’s a war zone.
We’re hearing that Hale’s
got a shitload of presales,
and just needs a few more
investors before he starts
swinging hammers.
This, um, Oswald Construction
bid, what is that?
Is that some sort
of consolation prize from Hale?
When Hale pushed
that 99 on-ramp through
the City Council, all that
timberland went eminent domain,
and Elliot, you know,
lost millions.
So Hale is letting him make
it up with lumber and labor.
Yeah, Charming’s
pretty much embraced it, Clay.
I mean, it’ll provide
construction jobs, doubles
the output at the mill...
CLAY:
Short term.
Hale’s building homes
in this town that no one
in this town can afford.
Anybody else see a problem
with that?
I mean, Jacob Hale’s been laying
this track for more
than five years now.
City councils, zoning
committees, getting rid
of Charming PD.
No.
We’re not gonna let this happen.
The black and proud
Sheriff Roosevelt.
Who the hell is he?
CHIBS:
We don’t know much.
He’s out of a gangland
task force from Oakland.
He’s been working
ten months.
He’s let us know he’s here,
but this is the first time
he’s whipped his dick out.
KOZIK:
Yeah, he’s been pretty low-key.
Yeah, not anymore.
Yeah, I guess today was
about letting us know it ain’t
gonna be business as usual.
Yeah. We’re gonna have to dig
pretty deep into this guy.
PINEY:
You’re not gonna get
this sheriff on your payroll.
This boy’s a straight-up cop.
All right. The meet
is set with Putlova.
The Jellybean Lounge.
What is it with Russians
and strippers?
They ain’t strippers.
You been to the Jellybean?
It’s horse meat in a G-string.
I love the Jellybean, man.
Of course you do.
I love it, too.
And the freak
circle is complete.
(all laughing)
(Jax clears throat)
Ope... Everything set?
Yeah. The Wahewa’s
are gonna let us use
the southwest reservation.
You exit off 18.
Be there at 6:00.
And I know how much money
is in those envelopes,
so those wedding gifts
better not be bullshit.
All right.
We all got our marching orders.
Hey.
This is a very big day.
So let’s get it done.
Clay.
We got company outside.
Two sheriffs, watching
us down the block.
CLAY:
Roosevelt.
He’s probably going to tail.
Well, if he does,
he can’t follow all of us.
I want, uh, Jax
and Opie with me.
Need the rest to help
get us there. Squiggy.
Yeah.
I want you to drive
the tow-truck behind us.
Is that ’cause you’re
upset with me?
We’re on parole,
genius.
Can only congregate
if we’re working.
Hey, come on, man.
I should be with you.
I’ll be all right.
Best for most of us
to stay detached.
We get the fun stuff.
Promise?
They’re splitting up.
- What do we do?
- We stay with Clay.
(engines roaring)
What the hell is this?
They’re boxing us in.
Goddamn it.
(patrol car honking horn)
(over P.A.):
Clear the road.
Hey!
- Chibs!
- Whoa!
(car horn blares)
Son of a bitch.
(siren wails)
I’m gonna kill these
pale bitches.
(siren wailing)
(tires screeching)
Why the confidentiality?
Peace of mind.
That way, you say anything
about what you see, I strip your
badge and throw you in jail.
I have some trust issues.
(chuckles)
(keypad beeps, lock clicks)
Please.
(keypad beeps, lock buzzes)
Some of these faces may
be familiar to you.
Jesus.
POTTER: In 1970, Dick Nixon
signed into law the
Organized Crime Control Act.
Section 901 of that law...
Racketeer Influence and
Corrupt Organization Act.
Welcome to the war room.
Agents Lane, Kessler– FBI.
Vance, ICE.
Woodrow, Grad, ATF.
Have a seat, Sheriff, please.
So you really think
you’re gonna be able to
use RICO against the Sons?
The MC’s become a
major distributor
for a group of Real IRA members,
modestly self-titled
the Irish Kings.
Struck a deal when they were
in Belfast last year.
Sons killed Jimmy O’Phelan;
IRA boss turned rat.
In return, the Irish opened up
their arsenal, gave SAMCRO
access to a whole new
caliber of weapons.
Pun intended.
So how do the Russians
fit in?
The Russians were providing
a safe house for O’Phelan
in exchange for guns.
But they got a better offer
from the Sons.
Then Clay double-crossed
Putlova, took out Phelan,
left the Russians with zip.
And that’s why Jax
Teller got shivved in Stockton–
Russians’ retaliation.
And to make peace,
Clay made a distribution deal
with Putlova.
They got the lion’s share
of the guns and profits
while the MC was inside.
And now that the Sons
are out, all of that
will be changing.
Yes, and as to, uh...
how, we’ll know soon enough.
You have someone
on the inside.
FBI Agent Ronald Worski.
Been undercover with the
Russians for over a year now.
He’s very close to becoming
Putlova’s number two.
GRAD:
We’ve tracked the
distribution from Belfast
and Dungloe over to Canada
and down the West Coast
to Mendocino.
AK-47s, KG-9s, FN-57s, AR-15s.
Jesus.
Once our agent is
inside the circle,
we’ll be able to get tape on
Putlova buying and selling
illegal arms.
And in one broad stroke, we
will take down the ROC and,
by association, the Real IRA,
and the Sons of Anarchy.
And all of this is going
down in Sanwa.
It’s the only reason why you
would want to bring me in.
Yes, most likely, it
will happen in your backyard.
But that is not the only reason
we’re talking.
I checked your file,
talked to your superiors.
You have years of street time
with the local gangs and
players in Northern Cali.
We don’t.
You’re not here by default, sir.
You’re here because
you can be trusted...
and because we need you.
Count me in.
Let’s get him
up to speed.
(sultry dance beat playing)
PUTLOVA:
Welcome, gentlemen.
I trust you are healing well?
Fine.
Just business, right?
Yes, I’m glad
we could settle all that.
It’s not all settled.
You’ve been, uh, taking 80%
of the Irish stock
for your customers up north.
PUTLOVA:
And 80%
of the risk as well.
We handled all the transport
and storage.
Well, now it’s time for
that equal share scenario
to kick in.
Yes, as we discussed,
you’ll get 50%
of the hardware.
But if we continue to transport
and house the guns,
we need to be compensated.
It’s gonna take us
a little while to set up shop.
We’ll give you five percent.
That’s an awful lot
of risk and manpower
for just five percent.
Hey, we know how much you’re
making running these guns.
Don’t play broken peasant
with us.
Fair enough.
Five percent for the first
month and 15%,
if you stay longer.
Deal.
Uh, we’re gonna want
to see the new merch.
Get familiar with it.
I wanted to bring it here.
We got some local eyes
on us.
We’re hoping we could
see ’em tonight.
Check out your operation.
I thought tonight
was a celebration.
Yeah, and we thought
it’d be good cover to get away.
Mm. Of course.
I’ll make sure my men
are there.
JAX:
Great.
So we’ll see you
at the party?
PUTLOVA:
I wouldn’t miss it
for the world.
Well, here’s to a long
and profitable relationship.
Na Zdorovie.
(man coughing)
UNSER:
Jesus Christ!
I heard you!
You’re gonna take it off
the goddamn hinges!
Sorry.
I thought you might
have upped and died
on me in there.
Well, if I did, knocking louder
ain’t gonna help.
Well, I’ve been known
to wake the dead.
Jesus, Wayne.
You told me you were gonna
hire somebody to help you out.
I don’t need nobody
nosing around my shit.
Besides, if you’d have called,
I might have had a chance
to clean up a little bit.
Your phone’s been
disconnected.
Oh.
Sit.
What?
Sit down.
Clay came home today.
You were supposed to come by.
(Groans)
Jesus Christ.
Was that today?
God...
I’m sorry, I... I just, uh...
I kinda lost track of time.
How are the new meds?
I don’t know.
I quit taking ’em.
Wayne...
I can’t afford ’em.
Coverage is shit.
I mean, all they do
is make me puke and sleep.
What’s going on with you?
Just, uh... (chuckles)
living the dream.
(wry laugh)
Does, uh, Clay know about me
and Della splitting up?
Yeah.
I don’t think he’s, uh,
privy to your new rock star
lifestyle, however.
Right.
Noticed your plants weren’t
doing so well out there.
Yeah, the...
(chuckles)
Everything is just...
kinda dying on me.
(sobs)
Oh, shit.
I know, sweetheart.
Shit.
I know.
Dispatch, this is
SJ-19 for substation Morada.
Bobby, getting anything
for Ope?
I was gonna give him
cash.
How much you
giving ’em?
A lot more than you,
you cheap-ass bastard.
(all laugh)
I’m not cheap, just mindful
of excessive spending.
Dude, you reuse condoms.
(groans)
How about you, Juicy?
Giving them both ten
sessions at Clear Passages.
What?
It’s the herbal colonic
and weed shop on Crestview.
I own 20%.
TIG:
That is so disturbing.
Have you ever seen the
contents of a lower colon?
Oh, geez...
Yeah!
Stop!
And you tried to take
’em out?!
OFFICER:
They boxed us in, Lieutenant.
I clipped one of ’em trying
to stay with Morrow.
Were they driving the
speed limit?
Maybe, at first,
but then they took off.
Must’ve been doing 110
on 18. It was crazy.
No shit.
These guys are smart.
They’ll claim that you tried
to kill ’em, that they were
fleeing out of fear.
Then they’ll try to sue us
for assault!
Just cut ’em loose.
And the next time you try
to play GTA on my watch,
I’m gonna bounce you back
to park duty!
Yes, sir.
(Potter humming)
Just heard from Worski.
Sons are meeting at the
warehouse tonight, checking
out the Russian operation.
MC’s not wasting
any time.
Should I put a team
nearby, wire it up?
No, let’s not risk it.
Sounds like it’s just
a show and tell.
Let them all get friendly.
One big happy family.
The boys are napping.
(Tara gasps, shouts happily)
Jax, stop!
(Tara laughing)
(Tara squeals)
(both laugh)
I missed you so much.
Love me.
(Gemma sighs)
Damn, that was fast.
Yeah, that’s ’cause
you’re used to speed-banging
Juice in dark hallways.
Hey, don’t turn what Juice
and I had into something
cheap and tawdry.
(Gemma chuckles)
I’m sure it was sweet
Puerto Rican magic.
(laughs)
(grunts, sighs)
No more time, baby.
I don’t think I can handle it.
Yeah, I know.
We’re gonna be all right,
darling.
The Russians?
Handled.
These new guns gonna be
our golden ticket, Gem.
My finder’s fee, my new
percentage, I should bank...
around seven figures
before I’m done.
We are gonna be okay, baby.
No more killing ourselves.
I promise.
How bad are they?
The meds they gave me inside
didn’t do very much.
I mean, it’s all right on a day
like this when it’s warm but...
I don’t know how many
winters I got left.
One, two at the most.
There’s plenty we can do.
I have Tara looking
into a good surgeon.
No, I ain’t lettin’
nobody cut me open.
I’d have to step down to recoup.
It don’t make any sense.
Well, we’ll just,
we’ll get better meds,
keep doing the cortisone.
You got plenty of time, baby.
Yeah.
I went to see Unser.
You gotta go out there, Clay.
He needs you.
He needs this club.
What he did for us.
Stahl.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I think we should talk
about some things, Jax.
Yeah, we should talk
about all the chick shit
you decked out my house in.
(Tara chuckles)
I’m sorry, Maxim
posters and Harley mirrors
aren’t really my style.
I want to talk
about the boys, Jax.
About what we’re gonna do.
(baby cries)
(sighs)
Sounds like someone else
wants a shot at those puppies.
Oh!
I’ll get him.
Hey, you’re supposed
to be gone by now.
It’s bad luck
to see the bride.
Just getting my stuff.
Figured I’d wear my
clean socks on the big day.
Wow, I’m honored.
You sure you want to do this?
It’s kinda late to
back out now.
(singsongy):
It’s never too late to run.
I’m not running.
I’m not going away.
Like it or not,
I’m part of this family.
I like it.
And I’m happy that we’re
going to be adding to it.
(baby fussing)
Hey, hey...
Hey.
Look. What is this?
Come on.
Hey.
Here’s Mommy.
Hey, hi, sweetie.
Hey, baby.
Hi.
Want to lie down?
Here you go.
Oh, my God!
It’s beautiful.
Are you...?
Yeah.
We should get married.
Really?
I mean, you want... that?
I love you, Tara.
I’ve loved you since I was 16.
You stayed when anyone
else would’ve bailed.
You’ve given me
a beautiful son,
taken Abel on as your own.
I love you, too.
So much.
And I... I want all of that...
But...
I just...
I know this is
who you are, Jax, and I...
I would never try to change
that– the club, Charming.
(sighs)
I’ve learned so many things
while you were away.
So have I.
And I look at Thomas
and Abel, and I...
I think, how does this work?
How...
How do they grow up
in this.
Yes.
I know.
And they’re not going to.
What do you mean?
I realized you being
with me is not
some kind of accident.
It sounds crazy, but I think you
were put into my life
to get me out, Tara.
15 years ago.
And now.
I’m done with SAMCRO.
We both know, if I stay, I end
up back in prison or dead.
You say that now
because you just got out.
No.
I’ve been coming to this
for a while.
The bond that holds this club
together isn’t about love
or brotherhood anymore.
We lost that a long time ago.
It’s just fear and greed now.
That’s what your father
said in his manuscript.
Yeah.
He wanted to get out.
JT was a coward.
He lost himself in Irish pussy
and bailed on his family.
Instead of writing about it,
he should’ve done something.
He should’ve taken me and Thomas
and gotten the hell
out of Charming.
Yeah, well, he would’ve had
to go through Gemma first.
Then he should’ve run
her ass over.
I’m not my father.
I’m not weak.
How do you get out?
Clay and Gemma will
never let you just leave.
We got a good thing
going with the Irish now.
It’s smart, under the radar.
We’ll be making big money
this year.
I just gotta hang out
for a while and earn.
How long?
More guns means more risk.
I don’t have any skills,
Tara.
I’m an okay mechanic with a GED.
The only thing I ever did well
was outlaw.
I just need to make some bank,
set myself up with something...
Jax, I can go anywhere.
I make good money.
(Jax scoffs)
I’m not gonna live
off my wife.
I can’t.
Look.
Clay’s hands are going;
his days are numbered.
When he steps down,
he loses sway.
That’s when I get out.
And Gemma...
she’s just an old lady.
All this scares me.
I know. Hey.
You gotta trust me.
This is all I have been
thinking about for the last
14 months.
I’m gonna finish up with SAMCRO,
then we’re gonna take
our boys and we’re gonna get
the hell out of here.
Start fresh somewhere.
Be a real family.
UNSER:
Hey.
What the hell you doing here?
Ah, I got a call.
Jed Clampett wants his
front yard back.
What?
It’s my new style.
Retro redneck.
Good to see you.
Good to see you, too.
I’m, um... I’m sorry
I missed your homecoming.
Aw, that’s all right.
I got some beer
in the fridge.
Nah, I’m good.
I heard
you sold the business.
Uh...
Controlling interest.
Still get
a check every month.
Enough to keep me in the, uh,
lifestyle I’m accustomed to.
I see that.
Assume you’re caught up
on the growth and prosperity
of our little burg?
I saw it riding in.
Also met Wild Black Hickok.
He, uh, provided me
with the interracial shadow.
Town’s upside down, Wayne.
I know.
I’m not sure
which cancer’s worse.
The one in me,
or the one in Charming.
Well...
You rotting away out here,
it ain’t helpin’ either one.
It don’t hurt as much–
being unplugged.
Well, you’re gonna have
to plug yourself back in, pal,
’cause... I need you.
I ain’t gonna let Hale win.
There ain’t gonna be no
Charming Heights.
How you gonna stop it?
Make nature take its course.
I got no idea what
the hell that means.
Other than it involves
a lot of shit and a big fan.
What do you need?
You still got access
to the rental trucks?
Yeah.
I’m gonna need one tonight.
Like, uh... catering trucks.
Something you might see
around a wedding.
What’s it for?
You know.
Wedding shit.
(lock buzzes)
(Ivo cursing in Russian)
GUARD:
He’ll be asleep soon.
(speaking Russian)
I got him.
GUARD:
Sweet dreams, douche bag.
How are the wrists?
A little sore.
How are yours?
Good.
♪♪
(people talking indistinctly)
Congratulations.
(talking, laughing)
(indistinct radio communication)
They all here?
Yep.
It’s a who’s who
of bad guys.
Niners, Mayans, Russians.
Love is in the air.
Keep your eye on that
party, make sure it doesn’t
leave the reservation.
(people cheering, whistling)
("The Wedding March" playing)
(people cheering)
("The Wedding March" continues)
Brothers and
sisters, we come together
today under the all-seeing eye
of nature to witness the blessed
joining of Opie and Lyla.
I’d like to share with you
a blessing of the Apache.
Now you will feel no rain,
for each of you will be
shelter for the other.
Now you will feel no cold,
for you will always be warmth
for each other.
Now you will feel no loneliness,
for you will always be
each other’s companion.
Now you are two persons,
with only one life before you.
May beauty and peace surround
you both in your journey ahead
and through
all the years to come.
OPIE (whispering):
You got the... got the rings?
What?
(Jax, Opie and Lyla laugh)
With this ring,
I vow my love.
I promise to always be a
faithful and loving wife...
and old lady.
With this ring,
I vow my love.
And I promise always
to cherish and protect you.
CHARLIE HORSE:
What else?
And treat you as good
as my leather and...
ALL:
Ride you as much as my Harley.
(all cheering, whooping,
applauding and laughing)
By the power invested in me
by the laws of the Wahewa
and the State of California,
I pronounce you man and wife.
Have at it.
(all cheering and applauding)
(band plays "Wedding March")
(playing upbeat country music)
(muted music, laughter and
chatter nearby)
(truck door slams shut)
You get a hint
of a tail, you abort.
Yes, Mum.
Drink heavily for us.
♪ Early in the morning ♪
Appreciate you giving
brown the nod inside.
Kept us alive while we figured
out our Russian problem.
Just protecting
my interests.
Talked to our man yesterday.
All set up for tomorrow.
He should probably
get there first.
We got the local law
keeping tabs.
We should be safe
once we’re inside.
I’ll let him know.
WOMAN: Hey.
Let’s dance.
(laughs)
Okay.
♪ You changed ♪
♪ You changed my life ♪
♪ Oh, yes, you did,
you changed my life... ♪
They call it
the "Cop Killer."
It cuts through Kevlar
and body armor like soft cheese.
Very little kick.
The best wedding gift, ever.
TIG:
Wait till you see
Juice’s gift.
You’re gonna want to use that
on yourself.
(applause, cheering nearby)
New hand cannon.
EMCEE: Thank you.
And this next song
is a bride request.
Oh, I’m gonna want
to play with this.
It’s your party.
LYLA:
Ope!
Come dance with me.
Yep.
(others laughing)
Wow!
Barely an hour, and you’re
already in the bowl covered
in pussywhip.
(others laughing)
Come on! It’s our song.
("What a Wonderful World"
intro playing)
Let’s go check this shit out.
♪ I see trees of green,
red roses, too ♪
♪ I see ’em bloom for me
and for you ♪
♪ And I think to myself ♪
Spaceeba.
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
That’s what I call a gun.
♪♪
♪ I see skies of blue ♪
♪ And clouds of white ♪
♪ Bright blessed days ♪
♪ Dark sacred nights ♪
♪ And I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
This is for Jax Teller.
(yelling)
(screaming)
♪ The colors of the rainbow,
so pretty in the sky ♪
♪ Are also on the faces
of people going by... ♪
(yelling)
♪ I see friends shaking hands
saying, "How do you do?" ♪
♪ They’re really saying
"I... love... you..." ♪
Let’s get these
guns in the truck.
♪♪
(fires two shots)
(muffled grunting)
(muffled yelling)
(muffled yelling continues)
(weak, gasping breaths)
Just business.
♪♪
♪ And I think to myself
what a wonderful world ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ The colors of the rainbow
so pretty in the sky ♪
♪ Are also on the faces
of people going by ♪
♪ I see friends shaking hands
saying, "How do you do?" ♪
♪ They’re really saying
"I... love... you"... ♪
This is nice.
♪ I hear babies cry ♪
Yeah.
♪ I watch them grow ♪
It’s good to be home.
♪ They’ll learn much more
than I’ll ever know ♪
♪ And I think to myself
what a wonderful world ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ What a wonderful world... ♪